{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1F40000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red245\green245\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Great choice! Amazon ECS (Elastic Container Service) is a highly scalable, high-performance container orchestration service that supports Docker containers and allows you to easily run and scale containerized applications on AWS.\
Here are the general steps to deploy your application on ECS:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a Docker Repository in Amazon ECR (Elastic Container Registry):
\f0\b0  ECR is a fully-managed Docker container registry that makes it easy for developers to store, manage, and deploy Docker container images. You'll need to create a new repository for your application.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Push Your Docker Image to ECR:
\f0\b0  After you've created your repository, you can push your Docker image to ECR. You'll need to authenticate your Docker client to your registry, tag your image with the ECR registry, repository, and optional image tag name, and then use 
\f2\fs28 docker push
\f0\fs32  to upload your image.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a Task Definition:
\f0\b0  A task definition is a text file in JSON format that describes one or more containers that form your application. It describes the different components that make up an application in a task or service, such as the used Docker images, the required resources, the launch type, networking settings, and more.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a Cluster:
\f0\b0  An Amazon ECS cluster is a logical grouping of tasks or services. If you're using the Fargate launch type for your tasks, the cluster is all the infrastructure resources that Amazon ECS manages for you. If you're using the EC2 launch type, you also need to manage and add your own resources.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a Service:
\f0\b0  In Amazon ECS, a service enables you to run and maintain a specified number of instances of a task definition simultaneously in an Amazon ECS cluster. If any of your tasks should fail or stop for any reason, the Amazon ECS service scheduler launches another instance of your task definition to replace it and maintain the desired count of tasks in the service depending on the scheduling strategy used.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Test Your Service:
\f0\b0  After your service is created, you can update your service, scale your service, or delete your service. You can also view the details of your running service, which includes the events, tasks, and deployments tabs.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Remember to replace the placeholders with your actual data. Also, make sure that your AWS CLI is configured with the correct access keys and region.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 For more detailed instructions, you can refer to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/Welcome.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \ul Amazon ECS documentation}}.\
}